The major update “Feybreak” for open-world survival crafting monster collection game Palworld is now available, developer Pocketpair announced. It adds a new island, new features, areas, pals, and more, including a tease of its upcoming Terraria collaboration.
New Content Meowmeow from Terraria ! Meowmeow, the first “bullet-firing melee weapon” in Palworld, has been added. This is only a small taste of the Palworld x Terraria collab, and in 2025, even more collaboration content will be released! Enjoy taking a step towards a new adventure alongside the sound of cat meowing! New Island: Feybreak A new island, Feybreak, has appeared! A mysterious island with many challenges, glowing sand and many new Pals! Conquer the Feybreak Warriors, a new faction that dominates the island with the power of their missile battery camp! New Resources: Chromite and Hexolite Quartz! Chromite is buried underground and can only be found by using Pals or items that can detect metal. Hexolite Quartz is a rare ore that only exists on Feybreak. New Mechanic: Expeditions! Obtain supplies by sending Pals out on expeditions at the Pal Expedition Station! New Mechanic: Research! By conducting research at the Pal Labor Research Laboratory, you can unlock permanent passives and rewards that increase the productivity of your base! *Some existing buildings that increase work speed will now be unlocked as research rewards. Predator Pals Vicious Predator Pals will now appear throughout the world. These Pals are extremely difficult to defeat but those strong enough to take them down will earn rare resources in return for their bravery! New “Bounty” NPCs Dangerous crim inals have appeared all over the Palpagos Islands. Bring these crooks to justice and cash in the country for rewards. New Strongholds and Stronghold Boss: The Attack Chopper A large and very difficult “Platform Oil Rig” has appeared! Great riches, important supplies and more are stored here. A powerful Attack Chopper guards this rig from any intruders! A smaller oil rig, the “Barge Oil Rig” has been added for beginners. Player level cap raised to 60! New technologies and more await! New Raid: Xenolord! Defeat the dark mechanical dragon that controls the Xeno army! Sphere Modules You can now attach modules to spheres to significantly change their trajectory, such as curving it, which in turn increases the capture rate! New Items Meta l Detector – Find chromite buried underground on Feybreak. Pouches – Increases your inventory size! Double Jump Boots – Stylish and practical, time to double jump! Air Dash Boots, – Allows the player to dash while in the air. Revival Potion – Bring your Pals back to life. New cooking recipes have been added. Hardcore Mode! The ultimate challenge. Player and Pal death is permanent. Can be enabled in the world settings. Random Pal Mode! Turn on Random Pal Mode in world settings to randomize Pal spawns! Randomize by Region – Randomize Pal spawns while maintaining a certain regional range. Completely Random – All Pal spawns in all regions will be completely randomized! It could be a bit chaotic… New Area Discovery Bonus! Players will earn experience points when they discover a location for the first time. Many New Weapons! Makeshift SMG Makeshift Assault Rifle Makeshift Shotgun Old Revolver SMG Semi-Auto Rifle Semi-Auto Shotgun Laser Gatling Gun Plasma Cannon Compound Bow Advanced Bow Katana Beam Sword Dark Grenade Dragon Grenade Ground Grenade Grass Grenade Water Grenade New Buildings Large-Scale Electric Egg Incubator – Hatch up to 10 eggs at the same time. Guild Chest – Items placed in a guild chest are shared among all guild chests. Item Retrieval Machine – Search for and take any item from any chest within your base! Medicine Rack – Pals will take medicine stored to treat their illnesses and injuries. Flea Market – Sell Pals and items to other players! Large-Scale Stone Oven and Gigantic Furnace – Multiple Pals can work together to cook and refine at higher speeds! Skillfruit Orchard – Plant and grow skill fruits! Gold Coin Assembly Line – Illegally produced coins, now made at home! Ladders – Players can go up and down without needing to build stairs! Pure Quartz Mine – Mine an infinite amount in the comfort of your base. Accumulator – By storing extra electricity, you can keep your facilities running at night while your Pals sleep. Elementa l Treasure Chests Rare treasure chests that can only be unlocked by Pals of specific elements have appeared!
New Island: Feybreak A new island, Feybreak, has appeared! A mysterious island with many challenges, glowing sand and many new Pals! Conquer the Feybreak Warriors, a new faction that dominates the island with the power of their missile battery camp!
A new island, Feybreak, has appeared! A mysterious island with many challenges, glowing sand and many new Pals!
Conquer the Feybreak Warriors, a new faction that dominates the island with the power of their missile battery camp!
New Resources: Chromite and Hexolite Quartz! Chromite is buried underground and can only be found by using Pals or items that can detect metal. Hexolite Quartz is a rare ore that only exists on Feybreak.
Hexolite Quartz is a rare ore that only exists on Feybreak.
Predator Pals Vicious Predator Pals will now appear throughout the world. These Pals are extremely difficult to defeat but those strong enough to take them down will earn rare resources in return for their bravery!
Vicious Predator Pals will now appear throughout the world. These Pals are extremely difficult to defeat but those strong enough to take them down will earn rare resources in return for their bravery!
New Items Meta l Detector – Find chromite buried underground on Feybreak. Pouches – Increases your inventory size! Double Jump Boots – Stylish and practical, time to double jump! Air Dash Boots, – Allows the player to dash while in the air. Revival Potion – Bring your Pals back to life. New cooking recipes have been added.
Meta l Detector – Find chromite buried underground on Feybreak.
Pouches – Increases your inventory size!
